# frontend-nanodegree-resume
In this project you will store your resume data in four javaScript objects according to the schema given below. As is often the case when leveraging an API, the objects must follow the schema exactly. All properties must be present and have real or fake values. The names must match those in the schema (note that object and property names are case-sensitive). All property values should be of the data-type given for the property in the schema. For example if the data-type is given as an array, it is not acceptable to use a string as a value for that property. Once you've created your javaScript objects, you will write the code needed to display all of the resume data contained within these objects in your resume. All of the HTML code needed to build the resume is stored in js/helper.js variables. The variable names indicate their function. You will replace substrings in these variable string values such as %data% and # with the data in your javaScript objects, and append or prepend the formatted result to your resume in the appropriate location. If you need a refresher on JavaScript syntax, go to the Javascript Basics course; if you would like to understand how this project is manipulating and traversing the DOM, check out Intro to jQuery. Go through the videos and assignments in this course to learn the JavaScript necessary to build your resume. Fork the project repo from Github and begin building you resume. If you are prompted to do so, you may want to get a Google Maps API key, and include it as the value of the key parameter when loading the Google Maps API in index.html: &lt;script src="http://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/js?libraries=places&amp;key=[YOUR_API_KEY]">&lt;/script> You may have some initial concerns with placing your API key directly within your JavaScript source files, but rest assured this is perfectly safe. All client-side code must be downloaded by the client; therefore, the client must download this API key - it is not intended to be secret. Google has security measures in place to ensure your key is not abused. It is not technically possible to make anything secret on the client-side. Check your work against the Project Rubric. When you are satisfied with your project, submit it according to the Submission Instructions below.
